link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/Pincsak/pen/YzqrKEQ?editors=1100


Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    :) Semantic HTML gives meaning to my markup.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
   :) HTML is used for structure.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    :)Attributes gives more information about tag to the browser.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 
   :)H1 tag is used for title. It is used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
       :) 1. <a>
        2. <input>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    :)We put <header> in head. 
    7. What is an id? 
    :)We use an id when we want to anchor to a section in a webage.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
     :)id is case sensitive. There are no spaces or special characters. But, we can use dashes and underscores.

     -inline style
     -embedded style tag in html page
     -externally linked css file

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    :)id can only be used once on a page. 
    10. What is a class? 
   :) Class is used to introduce more specificity compared to element or universal selector.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    :)There are multiple classes, so multiple elements you can add classes to like selection, div, p. etc.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    :)You can use a class as many times as you want. But, the name will need to change if it is refering to a new element.  Not sure if they are refering to pseudo classes here?
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    :) You use Target="_blank" to get a link to open in a separate webpage.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    :) The alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an area, if the image cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    :)In CSS, you reference an id by using #.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    :)Div is for holding other boxes. Section is for the entire group of items. Section has semantic meaning. Div does not have semantic meaning. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    :)It is used to describe what is written in html. CSS shows a pattern of inheritance that we can use in our code.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    :)Universal Selector *
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? :)- Give me an example of when I might use each one
    I would use a class to be very specific about an element
        Ex: <div class="about">
    I would use an id to anchor a section. 
        Ex: <section id= "container">
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    :)We select classes with . in CSS.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    :).human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
   :) Parent/child selector connotates a 'bond' between two elements. This would be useful if you're looking for a specific class inside a selector. You can be very specific with this. When an element is placed within another element, it becomes a child of that element. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
universal selector .div *a{
}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
:)It selects elements that are in a specific state like a list. YOu many not have a set amount of elements, but you want to stlye them individually.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height:1.5;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing: 2px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? text-transform: uppercase; lowercase? text-transform: lowercase; Capitalize? text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    .div{
        border-style: dotted;
        border-color: black;
        border-width: 1px;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    I would use universal selector *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    You write a comment by: /*  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    I would use pwd.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    You use ls.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    Rm deletes file. Rm terminates it forever. You cannot recover it.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
If you make a mistake, you have a previous copy before the mistake or bug. You can go back to that version and not have lost everything.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    You should commit every 15-20 minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push 'liza-pincsak'(depending if it is original git push -u origin 'liza-picnsak')
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. Forking
	2. Invite collaborator aka TL
	3. Click code: https
		a. If forked, should say name
		b. Copy clipboard
	5. Go to Terminal
		a. Cd Desktop/Lambda
		b. Git clone https:
	6. ***Cd web36git (should say master)
	7. Git checkout -b 'liza-pincsak'
	8. Then open in vs code: code .
	9. Make a change in visual studio code
	10. Git add .
	11. Git status
	12. Git commit -m "message to yourself" (make sure it is "")
	13. Git push - u origin 'liza-pincsak' (need to create branch after just use git command)
	14. Change is in branch: click on master and go to name
	15. Make sure my forked copy: lizapincsak
	16. Click master
	17. Click liza
	18. Click create pull request
	19. Click to liza
	20. Base: Master compare to liza pincsak

    

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 